Learning in the wild, oeople want to get things done, and also want to learn. 

in order to help this situation, 
let's look at how we might approach the data, the interactionm, and the interfaces.


data - recipescape 
--> multiple ways of doing one task

interaction - voicevideo, recipe chatbot, over-the-shoulder 
--> how user interaction sequence can provide user context

interface that recommends based on data+interaction inferred user context
--> 


"latent structures" for learning in the wild? 



Projects

latent structures in systems for learning in the wild
-structure in data
-structure in interaction
-structure in user interface


mining and analyzing graphical structure of user generated data as learning semantic 
as building blocks for learning at scale (in the wild)

capturing latent structure/semantics of user-generated instructions/solutions 
for the benefit of 


ch1. from already generated data (naturally crowdsourced data), what becomes possible?
<when at scale tutorials are available, what becomes possible>
<user challenge: browsing too many tutorials>

1. RecipeScape

Analyzing instructions at scale
Comparing structural+semantic similarities of sequences




ch2. what can you augment and how to augment data with semantics
<How to collect user interactions naturally to annotate data>
user challenges: doing and learning simultaneously, divided attention

3. Convesational Video Browsing (Voice + Video)

Linguistic Characteristics of user utterances
Conversational Strategies

How to utilized user interaction to label "markers" on videos




2. Over the shoulder learning 

핵심이 "다른 사람의 비디오 브라우징 히스토리가 모이면 좋은 교과서가 된다" 그런데 브라우징 히스토리의 단위가 너무 비디오 단위니까 그걸 더 잘게 쪼개서 모아야 하는데
그 잘게 쪼개는 적절한 기준이랑 단위가 무엇일까
relationship between objects in the image?




ch3. 

4. Autodesk Project

In order for user 1's workflow to be helpful for other users, 
what's the interface that ensures this? 

must prioritize

precond/ method(fixed) /postcond 









ch 4. does peer generated data have benefit
<how can we turn peer generated solutions into learning materials>

5. Peer-generated solutions to learnersourced exercises




<how can we understand the interfaces that force strategic decisions better?>

6. Computational interaction models of suboptimal crowdworker behavior


7. multimodal response --> subgoal labelled worked examples
8. image classification with Jean
9. 